Yokoyama team k can actually exceed this
Ha
Kola Bach
The driver in the How Is a Truly reached the expected Sanger
I'm getting some pressure
Let's say 48 times yes yes we will do our best
It is a challenge of the akb team
hey
Yeah
Oh
Now the battle of the team k aiming for the court move begins
large
Hard put to Foresight passed, the sight-cho City slip
Big
ban
It's ok to be great
ear
Now from here it is a place called scratch also physically
Oh
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah nice
Judgment of Japanese Association
aaaaaaaaaaa
5 ad
re
Great
Remember the voice better than great menopause safe land for dogs
As for the visa of 45th, you say a little more Ranairo
Does it yeah akb's wall was high
Shimada among a game Good luck in the body weight of 57 kg
Hmm
wh
Revenge once
I think I want to load Road Yokoyama
By activities in the form Tteyuu How about the captain and then I heard and um official rival
I 've got it, but I didn't have much time together
Let alone Park lip a little likely to proceed earlier hunch plus Iima in such head
Nogizaka Forty 6 and a process
I Do a doubt say was enemy entered the larger I-group with a group
islander
Ah ah ah ah
No Moi Nyaruko's
car
This and Choi show pattern of next meeting
Poor job
Tissue ak bingo so Tengen Project 4
2 dk minutes after
I do not want to see the loss summary canned discussion of canned